"I would like a table for one on December 25th"
"I don't want to kill myself but that doesn't mean I don't want to die"
"This, unfortunately, describes me"
"I find a sort of beauty in that at the same time. I can't really verbalize why"
"I am afraid. Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been"
"Time is the fire in which we burn"
"I could've been anything I wanted. And, one by one, I didn't become any of them"
"Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot"
"The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind"
"Sometimes, you gotta pretend everything is okay"
“It’s always worse than it seems”
“I get lost inside my mind”
“At some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart but not in your life”
“People cry, not because they’re weak. It’s because they’ve been strong for too long"
“No amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness I feel”
“Dear Past, stop tapping me on the shoulders, I don’t wanna look back”
“You’re scared to tell people how much it hurts, so you keep it all to yourself”
“The only thing standing between me and total happiness is reality”
“Some of the most painful scars: the ones that hurt the most are the scars that can’t be seen”
“It’s getting harder to hide pain”
“Instead of wiping your tears, wipe away the people who create them”
“Everytime people ask me if I’m okay, it’s just a reminder that I’m not”
“I need a break from the loneliness that is totally consuming me”
“I hate getting flashbacks from things that I don’t want to remember”
“Why does it always rain on me?”
"Monsters don’t sleep under your bed, they scream inside of your head”
“I think I’m afraid to be happy because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens”
“I’m busy saving everybody else when I can’t even save myself”
“I just wanna feel okay again”
“Deep inside where nothing’s fine, I’ve lost my mind”
“There is no greater sorrow than to recall the misery in time we were happy”
“The only thing worse then being hated is being ignored…”
“No really I’m fine”
“No one cares. They’re just pretending”
“I smile all the time so that nobody knows”
“I sleep to escape from reality”
“I’m broken”
“I’ll be alright. One day. Someday. Just not today”
“I forgive a lot, but I never forget what’s said and done”
“Everything is a battle, every breath is a war, and I don’t think i’m winning anymore”
“Death seems more inviting than life”
“You can see many smiles everyday, but you can never know whose world is actually upside down”
“You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have”
“I draw with silver and it turns red”
“Depression is a prison where you are both the suffering prisoner and the cruel jailer”
“You knew exactly what you were doing, that’s what hurts the most”
“Smiling has always been easier than explaining why you’re sad”
“Life sucks, and then you die”
“I am not me anymore”
“It sucks when you know that you need to let go but you can’t…”
"The Last of Depressing Quotes:“Depression is like drowning”
“I didn’t want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that’s really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you’re so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.”
“When you’re surrounded by all these people, it can be lonelier than when you’re by yourself. You can be in a huge crowd, but if you don’t feel like you can trust anyone or talk to anybody, you feel like you’re really alone.”
“I’ll never forget how the depression and loneliness felt good and bad at the same time. Still does.”
“You say you’re ‘depressed’ – all I see is resilience. You are allowed to feel messed up and inside out. It doesn’t mean you’re defective – it just means you’re human.”
“Is there no way out the mind?”
“What you must understand about me is that I’m a deeply unhappy.”
"This much hapiness makes me feel depressed"
"No colours anymore, I want them to turn black"
"I have to turn my head until my darkness goes"
"I look inside myself and see my heart is black"
"It's not easy facing up when the whole world is black"
"I wanna see it painted, painted black"
"Black as night, black as coal"
"I wanna see the sun blotted out from the sky"